everybody welcome to let's look at e X
hero Academy ii if you're a diligent
viewer of the channel now that i'm
trying to shame anybody else you'll know
that e x is shorthand for sponsored
hashtag add hashtag shil all of which
will appear in the video title
description tags tax form declarations
etc etc its sponsor video sponsored by
robot entertainment for the release of
hero academy - and it's a good fit
because if you're a long time viewer
you'll know that I actually did play
hero academy one way back in 2012 me and
mouth did a video on hero I think
actually I did a let's look at and then
we also did a video where we played
multiplayer against one another
so when hero Academy tool rolled around
I was like absolutely I'll give it a
shot it's a it's a little bit like a CCG
mixed with a turn-based tactics game
might be a good way to describe it but
this one is more CCG if I remember
correctly the original hero academy was
not quite as much of like it didn't have
as much of let's say a hearthstone
influence maybe that makes sense
so they've reconfigured it here I've
been playing for 3 or 4 hours so far and
I've been playing online as well it's
been soft launched in Canada comes out
January 17th everywhere iOS Android PC
when you get your version it won't say
desktop early access built here try not
to be so envious of me the principal
thing that I had as a sticking point
with the original hero Academy was
actually that it played a little bit
like correspondence chess which was
awesome for people that were on the go
let's just queue up here by the way you
know explain the game as we play it so
the way that it would work is you would
do your turn commit it and then your
opponent within the next like 24 hours
would reply with their turn and again it
was all well and good for fostering a
certain sense of like you know you're
having a great time with one another and
hey I haven't spoken to you and so long
but sometimes when you're playing with
somebody like mouth who is my describe
is a little overly patient overly
methodical you end up taking these like
four hour long games this works much
faster games tend to be about 10 or 15
minutes
this is my first time actually playing
this deck it's from the warden faction
so I might be terrible and I apologize
to Finn draal new who is gonna have to
deal with me taking a little bit of time
on my turns I'll be the mouth here as we
look at our cards here so we have energy
we also have a power we can summon a
wisp with no action points for two mana
passive buildings have +1 hearts okay
however I mean I guess they're at full
now but we can summon a couple of things
on this turn we have two creatures and
also an ability the ability is of route
so we're gonna summon two creatures here
and I'm so sorry to my opponent here on
my turn or what my turn is over let me
explain okay so we have one attack on
each of these creatures and to life life
can be healed there's also armor armor
replenishes to the start of any given
turn your goal in any game of hero
Academy 2 is to use your roster of
heroes which are these fantastical
creatures that you see before you now
we're including the Impaler who is
actually absolutely gonna destroy me
here I'll destroy this one anyway to
destroy the enemy crystals and avoid
having your own crystals destroyed this
is a terrible start to this match for me
I should have these using the deck I use
it's not fair so we have three crystals
three live seven live seven life seven
life three life seven life they've taken
damage cuz this unit is something called
a fanfare so whenever this hero is
summoned it deals one damage to
everything on the board and there's a
lot of abilities like that that we'll
see so we have six energy this turn you
get five per turn Veridian ranged
fanfare Ally Heroes gain one life eulogy
Ally heroes gain two attack so again
fanfare is what happens when you come
out and eulogy is what happens when you
die let's check out our other abilities
real quick
flatten knock out a hero with two or
less HP can't do it to this guy we could
someone a wisp with zero AP oh no
they're they're getting on to me I don't
really want to summon okay I'll tell you
what I'm gonna summon a wisp I'm gonna
play it a little slow here and I'll pass
turn this is not a good start for me
am i thinking though is I don't really
want to summon an expensive creature on
this turn that has fanfare that buffs
our other creatures are there heroes as
the case may be because you know you
don't get much value out of that fanfare
mind you it would be nice to get just
like a some kind of value out of this
turn especially as I'm getting my butt
kicked but you know the the deck that we
have here is a little bit more of almost
like a druid archetype you know we we
placed a little slower and then we
ramped up quickly eventually hopefully
is the idea so by the way when you
summon a creature like I think we really
should summon terminus this term which
is a five attack eight life unit when we
summon that we only have like these
three rows or columns that we can put
them in as we destroy crystals we'll get
more space and board control becomes a
little bit more important as you
encroach into each other's territory but
I'm definitely losing from like the the
space warfare right now
now this enemy actually has poison
poison deals one damage to turn start
that's really the strength of that deck
and it's ranged right it is so it can
hit me from here so I'm actually gonna
I'm gonna do this and then I'm gonna
keep this unit rooted so that he can't
attack me from there I think he won't be
able to reach there
you'll probably attack here and then on
my next turn I'm just gonna go boom boom
you get to energy per hero per turn I'll
smack you and kill you and then you'll
probably poison me next turn but at
least I'll have taken out this one for
energy oh no all right we're definitely
gonna lose this game you're gonna think
that I'm joking this is the first duel
I've actually lost of course it has to
happen on video I have been steam
rolling and this happens I'm sure
everybody's had an experience like this
I've been steam rolling so hard that I
actually thought that I descended in
intelligence I was like is everybody
else just stupid and I'm now a genius
cuz usually that's reversed it appears
that that's not the case gnome wrecker
excuse me
his name is masked gamer
Keio here with two or less so for for
energy we can kill him but that's pretty
expensive we can still summon our
Veridian it only does two damage though
and again it's more of a support play we
can okay I like this a little bit more
let's put an ohm record down when it
dies we gain energy it's like a man a
generator for us and I'm gonna put you
here you're gonna say what about this
guy well I'm gonna use some removal dust
devil sends a hero to a random position
it takes to damage this will kill this
unit and also teleport it now it
actually is important to note where the
corpses are this is a weapon by the way
it can only be applied to a hammer hero
but we'll talk about that when you get
into deck construction I'm probably
gonna do another duel after this to
reassert the fact that I'm not terrible
at the game all right deal through the
one piercing damage to three random
units they did break my crystal but we
have survived except now they're gonna
use their innate trait the poisonous
unit and he's gonna die at the start of
my turn
but yeah the corpus does matter because
you actually you can corpse stomp on
this guy and if you don't do that it's
possible that within one turn you could
be re summoned by a necromancer or
something like that so all players draw
a hero or building card from their deck
it costs negative five we kind of got a
try at this point I think I've drawn a
fungal cohort eulogy draw a fungal
cohort from your deck okay it's a 2/4
which is actually really nice
so we might not be dead yet I'm gonna
tech this guy there's revenge so he's
gonna attack right after and then I'm
gonna use flatten just to crush him and
then we have no energy Sol pastern I do
feel like we're pretty far behind the
curve here but if we can start to get
some kind of board presence I'd be okay
with it but you know the fact that I'm
having to rush what I'm talking about
and also my turns here is actually
indicative of I think a very positive
change with hero Academy to versus hero
Academy one hero Academy one with
strategic tactical methodical and that's
all well and good but for someone like
me who is perhaps you know if I may
denigrate myself a little bit a little
bit more impatient this mostly led to me
being frustrated with my enemies because
I'm like hey I don't have all day here I
want to finish a game I don't want to be
carrying twelve concurrent games every
month I'd rather just do one finish do
one finish do one finish etcetera
etcetera so like I said a lot of board
presents here for me as he slowly
destroys me at this Mantle's me
completely
can't play it there all right all right
all right all right
all right let's think about this so we
can fungal cohort I think we may
actually lose on our next turn we might
as well destroy some units in the
interim period it's so dangerous to be
on one HP around this guy because you
know he has this poison ability that
essentially does one damage for two
energies so all he has to do is get you
close to lethal and then you're in
trouble
it's like this is not even a good turn
for us it just might stave off oblivion
for a little bit here it could play some
bramble but I think I'd rather just have
a Stone Ling out there anyway so yeah
the fact that I mean not only are turns
like about a minute long each it's also
only twelve turns per match I forgot
this guy is swipe so he does damage in
an AoE there's a there's only twelve
turns once you get to the twelfth turn
they start giving you cards that deal
direct damage to crystals so really at
this point it's almost impossible for me
to swing it back and all likelihood
because I'd have to do so within the
next few turns and now he's probably
gonna poison me that's what I would do
and I'm undefeated with the Dark Elf
deck no seething sniper it's also a good
card ranged units very strong this is my
bed for selecting the incorrect deck to
deal with here can I say a good game my
friends I'll just see mode to indicate
my anger at the present moment well
let's put up the old college try shall
we all he gave me a little cheeky smiley
face so I played a bramble this is I
guess one of the strengths of the the
deck here as the warden is that you can
actually your buildings have +1 HP so we
only drew one building card because
we're using the starter deck and perhaps
we don't have necessarily all the gas
that we'd like to have in order to make
this happen but we got this this bramble
that can at least impede his movement
for a little bit he still might be able
to hit it once you know he can hit me
once though and then if he hits me back
up hit me poisoned me
I like I'm playing my opponent's turn
for him at this point you wouldn't you I
told you he's a god
now I mean fair play to him admittedly
the this is the deck that you'll see us
using next time except I think he's got
a couple of nudges in it which I don't
have
but anyway you'll see it when it had you
got lethal on the next turn can you stop
behaving please like bunny Patrol
someone a bunny cloner and a random
nearby tile I might as well just intern
and let him hit me now we'll determine
he doesn't know all eyes are on him will
he go for the attack he will okay Gigi I
excuse me I'd like to say GP that's fine
that's fine I'm not upset that's fine
alright so immediately I feel the need
to save face but you just noticed you
know that was like a ten minute long
match here so it's really good for quick
fixes of this kind of strategic gameplay
that you don't always get in the
original hero academy I think it's a
positive change to keep the game a
little bit more frenetic so I've
actually it says dark elf starter but
I've actually made like one or two
ad-hoc changes here by the way you know
as with most of the sponsor stuff I
haven't given in-game currency but as
whenever I do this stuff like I did the
same thing for lineage I just didn't
take advantage of it because I don't
want to give you guys oh it's the same
dude I don't want to give you guys a you
know a necessarily unrepresentative
opinion of what things will be like you
know in your first few hours so oh that
he might take that as offensive okay so
now we're playing as the I can't believe
it the game is is out for negative one
days and this guy's already part of a
clan or maybe he's just from Finland
which is really like being part of the
Finnish clan when you think about it
this is the dark elf deck and the way
that the dark elf deck works is that
it's a poison focus so you can poison
heroes for to energy which does one
damage at the start of their next turn
so any unit on one HP can easily be
lethal to just let me well actually I'm
gonna do something different here
I'm also gonna use our our secondary
ability which costs zero it does one
damage to each of your crystals or what
it does an amount of damage spread out
over your crystals and it gives you one
energy as a result and then I'm gonna
summon this void monk I'm not gonna move
him I'm gonna let him
summons something the void monk is two
and five which is like by itself
stronger than any creature we were able
to summon in our last game and it also
has swipes so it attacks in like an arc
one damage to three random targets
poison here oh that's not that bad
honestly I mean we can't do anything
about it but it's not that bad yet so we
should have moved this guy on an earlier
turn we'll put him here for now he's
probably dead next turn but he soaked up
a lot of energy we are a little behind
of course
I think Fist of the Gods is great to
have on the next turn if we play rage
bringer which has to enrage it's one in
five right now one attack five life but
if it gets hit once it'll gain each
it'll gain power and if it gets it again
it'll gain power so I'm not gonna use
void poke because I want to keep fist of
the gods available for our next turn but
I imagine this guy's probably close to
being dead we'll see so far is a much
better start though power steal is also
amazing you can take energy or take
damage from a hero and give it to
another hero so you can really use this
if there's a unit that has like maybe
one power and a bunch of defense you
just take it down to zero power and you
also have buffed your other unit in the
meantime so so far I mean we'll probably
play a game with the know that's gonna
kill this guy will probably play a game
with the the council faction as well
which is a little bit more of a
traditional sort of like our Thorian
sword and board sort of thing well let's
start by doing a little bit of damage
for the first time ever but really the
dark elf deck is the one that I've had
the most success with so in theory if we
had a necromancer which is a six energy
card that we just didn't draw we could
place them like here and then re summon
this guy as a phantom which is a 1/1
basically just cannon fodder but still
you can summon him for free and it
doesn't end your turn normally attack
against your turns so I think it's it's
an interesting play we're gonna summon a
spiderling here and we'll move the
spiderling in
I think we've got the benefit of
aggression we'll also summon a gurgle
pot which is just a ranged unit right
now I think when it dies it also deals
one area damage yeah so all tiles that
touch this will take one damage when
this dies which was very dangerous for
this guy yeah so essentially if you just
poison this this spider is gonna die and
I'm gonna look like a dang fool but
we're actually not in as bad of a
situation as you might expect that was a
really poor play for me cuz check this
out we're gonna poison you and I kind of
want to power steal you but I'm not sure
if you're gonna live long enough I'm not
sure if our enraged unions gonna live
long enough to make that worthwhile
instead we could apply rancid blade here
but if we do so it's it's gonna poison
this unit which means they're gonna die
pretty soon after so I think I'm
actually just gonna go for a swipe we'll
keep hitting the crystal there and then
there you go check it out we got banter
through emotes only you know 90% of
communication is nonverbal there's
something um I think I think we're just
gonna make it to crawler I think were
gonna crush our own corpse by coming up
here and we can't use power steal it
anymore we could use void Pope who I
think we might as well save our energy
so we've got a pretty nice amount of
board control right now but there's a
couple of cards that can swing it most
of the time though it is like if you can
establish an early advantage this is
only like my seventh or eighth game
online but if it seems like if you can
establish an early advantage then you
have a huge leg up on the opposition if
you're always playing catch-up and that
creates problems so yeah this units
gonna be poisoned I'm glad I saved some
of our earlier resources but as bad as
this might look I'm actually not very
concerned because I mean they only had
two energy leftover we've done well
actually we have less life than they do
but now we're tied and we've got tempo
so we do have our necromancer right now
is the legendary tier card I'm not sure
if we can get in range to summon in fact
I'm fairly confident we can't get in
range to summon our friend there I might
have been able to if I went here but I'm
just gonna keep myself like here I don't
want to make myself too exposed because
if this unit dies it's not a terrible
thing but it also has chain which means
that if we can buff this unit via like a
power steel chain is like a Chain
Lightning attack so if you shoot
something it'll jump to one nearby
target if there's something close enough
that that fits the bill so if we can
steal an enemy's damage and give it to
our necromancer and then do a chain
attack we got a good setup and that's
the thing it's a little bit like I would
say that it's fair to suggest that it
has some dualist if not influence at
least it's a contemporary to a to-do
list
there's a little bit more at least in my
experience so far of comboing all your
gonna poison me
that's a good turn alright that was well
played let me think about this for a
second we can get the seven energy if we
have two I think I'd rather just destroy
you and do some more damage here
but it does give them tempo now I'd say
we really want to play seething sniper
it's a really good card if it gets
enraged like range is already good
because a lot of the units are melee but
if you make a unit enraged it does more
damage and then we have weapons that can
also apply to units as long as they have
the right kind of weapon type so if we
find a foe weapon we can use that on
seething sniper and he can start doing
three damage per turn potentially Fang
gliders are really good cards just a
mobile on a mobile unit here we didn't
draw the cards we were hoping to draw
unfortunately um now here's something I
actually don't know
can I kill you via the poison if I
attack you once I'm gonna try avoid poke
first one damage to a random enemy it
hit that guy since he's already poisoned
he's already dead so I'm gonna choose to
just keep doing one damage they're just
probably not an extremely strong play
problem is we play seething sniper my
dude is extremely killable in one turn
but I'm gonna do it anyway how is he
extremely killable in one turn this
might be a little dicey um all you need
to do is attack me and then poison me
and then you still have five energy left
or three energy left to do whatever you
will he didn't die cuz the armor
defended him so that was my own mistake
there I didn't think poison would work
on armor I was I was using slave aspire
methodology
okay you got me by three right now I
don't get a revenge on him because we're
adjacent and I'm a ranged unit so that's
the way that works but we are enraged
now I never mind were dead I think he's
gonna get us again I went into this
video I had a positive impression then
the dang matchmaking put me up against
ESL ones number one hero Academy two
player I will not abide so all of our
units are now dead and we're in we're in
sincere trouble like really sincere
trouble we can kill a damaged enemy
easily two energy kills the Phantom this
guy won't die
he something's got to hit him but if we
hit him with the fan glider we're gonna
die in the process you see my conundrum
now
no this is just terrible okay hear me
out here you you have to die I think you
have to die I there's no reason to
poison you I don't believe it's tax so
we're just gonna it's extremely
unfortunate because this dude is still
alive we got to find a way to hurt him I
could have lost energy and tried to
poison him again I could have lost a
nerd could have lost power on my
crystals and tried to hit him with the
soul stabbed to kill him or something
like that but the dude only does two
damage so it seemed a little dicey to me
to do so but now he's got like such
ridiculous board control what we want is
a ranged unit to get summoned and then
we'll just dust him I should have
recorded this video between 2:00 to 3:00
a.m. last night when I was just stomping
now I didn't realize that accidentally
gotten myself and broiled in a clan
match biting hail deal 1 damage to all
enemy heroes
sadly this guy is is all buffed up now
you still have to do it I really don't
want to let this guy live I can't really
afford to hurt my crystal so I guess I
will yeah we're gonna we're gonna lose
this one as well
we might as well give him the gg early
he can beat us but I want him to at
least know that we know that he's gonna
beat us he's not taking us by surprise
after this we will do some versus AI
stuff I think this is a pretty good
proof of concept of you know what the
hero Academy to experience online has
been like hopefully when you play you
don't end up rolling up against Finn
draal new who is apparently a master of
the original and oh now we draw gasps
amazing hello its terminus it me
terminus right we actually need to hurt
ourselves to summon it so yeah at least
we went out with class whatever that was
our only chance regardless all right
we're ranked 17 it works out like a hard
stone style ranking system I started at
rank 20 and will remain at rank 17 for
the rest of my life okay so apart from
that what do you get in hero academy -
well there are challenges there's quest
quest give you gold gold gives you the
ability to buy packs gems give you the
ability to buy better packs potions or
energy give you the ability to craft
cards of varying rarities based on the
amount of potions you have ranging from
like I think it costs okay we can just
see it here if we go to our crafting
area which i believe is from the home
menu you can make a basic card in 15
minutes with eight energy rare card is
25 energy in one hour
a legendary card takes $80 damage and
one day so if I keep losing against
fin NAR Lu I think I would only have to
get another three or four hundred losses
in a row but who knows if you can
actually eat gout a win you might have a
genuine chance there
it's Inc by the way not energy so I
don't know that's uh not that that won't
be necessary I will come back apart from
that there's campaigns and actually this
is something that was apparently
requested in hero Academy one is a
little more robust of a single-player
campaign and this game actually you can
play completely from a single-player
campaign context if you want it will
cost you some gems in the process though
which you can earn through in-game play
but it's probably a little bit cost
prohibitive as my guess it seems like
you know that's the kind of thing where
you might want to put it in a couple
bucks instead to unlock it if you're
interested the challenges have been
Dustin me to an extreme degree let's
start with um let's start with like a
council challenge here these are like
one-off puzzles that are curated and
it's actually probably the easiest way
to gain packs in the game as well
because if you do eight of these you get
one pack and then you can start to you
know put those nudge cards in your deck
that give you an unfair advantage over
me I kid Swedish Narwhal you're the
greatest player a man could ever ask for
gear up you're heroes with weapons lead
them to victory okay so you don't always
have to win in one turn weapons are a
key council strategy they give a
permanent bonus to heroes who are able
to equip them there are four different
weapon types sword hammer bow and staff
these guys are gonna do ten damage on
their turn so we have two turns
essentially I think this is an automatic
one you apply the sword to the sword
individual the bow to the bow individual
the hammers of the hammer individual and
the poky scepter to the scepter
individual and then you hit you hit
yes yes yeah hit and we'll just come
over here we can hit an extern this will
be an easy victory for us not all of
them are this easy we'll play through a
couple of them so you can see what's
going on here I think especially the
more I play games like slay the spire oh
you know we can replace this with new
weapons the more I'm like any game that
is predicated upon a PvP online needs
some kind of bulwark that I can sink my
time and do once I've lost enough games
in a row and gotten frustrated so
something like this where you can make
progress you know you have actionable
items maybe the way it I'll describe it
you lost us somebody you're like I need
some more juice for my deck
I need cards I don't want to lose
against Scandinavian pros all day what
am I gonna do play some challenges get
some packs to hope for the best draw to
random weapon cards gain one mana if
behind to gain two mana were ahead
unfortunately this turn +2 to hero with
custom weapon +2 attack I should say
rancid bleed +2 energy +2 a damage so
rancid blade is a good play here gives
us more damage and now we have enough to
leave bull's eye we probably did earlier
this is three damage but it's actually
more because this unit has an ability
called smash which leads them to do more
damage to buildings alright so that was
easy enough got a hundred Gold's a
little bit of experience you do also
unlock more challenges and the first few
campaigns are unlocked just by leveling
up essentially by playing against the AI
which is nice because you actually get
three deck archetypes you know just by
playing yourself you don't have to sink
any cash into the game learn about
powers and what the council can do with
them who are you powers or spells like
we cancel once per turn
ah so yes no I'm gonna step ahead of you
I just gotta let you know I'm almost
like a professional player I might be
the second best player in the world I've
only lost to one person that's all I'm
saying
what are you
sir Baldrick hora gives +1 damage so
he's buffing is adjacent minions and
he's armored for two which is actually a
ton I think I'm gonna try to create a
legendary swordsman I don't know if this
is the right way to solve this but we'll
see so they've moved away from their
leader well some of them moved away from
their leader which is great news for me
but I rather have one unit that does
three damage or two units that do two
damage if all units if all of the things
are equal I think we'd rather do like
well we could make one god unit
especially cuz this guy's armor is gonna
be annoying we'd like to pierce it yeah
okay I'm gonna try this you're gonna get
smacked I'm gonna try this you're gonna
get smacked I've made a bold
miscalculation at this point let me run
some numbers on this for a sec come over
here hit you for three you go down to
two
I go down to one I heal up I still die
I think we play a little bit more
defensive then we use our leftover
energy to none of our units need healing
because they just lost their armor yeah
I think I might have messed this
challenge up we'll see heel hero for one
thanks to the aura we have lost all
these over the crystal I actually think
I've lost yeah I can't get to him see
like if I I need to turns to get over
there so I am actually a moron okay
let's try this one again like I said for
someone who might be the second best
player on earth this is a little
embarrassing I got high hopes so alright
maybe we're gonna try to create one GAD
unit at the frontlines
so we just want to prevent this guy from
getting past us it seems like we should
probably be taking out this guy first
you're gonna hit four - I still I like
it cuz this guy is not getting any aura
bonuses unless he can get past us and
then if we could just we actually can
just surround this guy and start to
whittle him and he that's gonna stop him
at least from getting to the crystal so
all these guys are super close to death
but he's been permanently wounded unless
they use medic on him and you could kill
me I don't want that to happen so I'm
gonna heal this guy up and I'm gonna
force you to get me as bad as this might
seem I think it's actually highly highly
good never mind because of the aura
bonus he got past us there that's okay
that's okay dude
what's the game plan here so actually
great question I'm gonna try to buff
this guy up and we're gonna take him on
to be one he didn't move so I'm happy
with that but you could die in one it so
I think you gotta go like this like this
we're just buying ourselves some time
where you going you going into the he's
going into the thick of it I think we
got him now
oh well I still think we got him alright
so look at that i've ascended to pure
genius level probably if we had bronze
silver and gold that would rank as about
a tin medal in the Olympics of hero
Academy too but we've gotten it done and
you know what I'm gonna do one more
while we're here
you know it's like any puzzle sometimes
you find yourself doing well on
difficult ones in doing terrible on easy
ones use council spells to heal and
revive revive and heal your allies okay
use the medic power and the cleric to
heal your revived heroes and keep them
fighting these guys are pretty weak so
I'm not overly concerned
triage revived here at a three survived
ally to one definitely you should be
revived to three because you're on the
frontlines
you're not in a dangerous spot at all
yet and you are range to begin with so
you only need one so I'm gonna hit you
with that goodness what do you do
range chain one heal so if we heal you
will heal two units simultaneously nice
and then well I think we'll let them
come to us that's the benefit of having
a ranged unit I think we got this one
easy like you're actually already dead
and then your I mean you could get to a
crystal but you can't attack it on the
next turn so I'm like very unconcerned
buff you up a little bit
heal you a little bit and then really I
leave it up to you
if you want to just attack your unit
into mind and then die that's ideal
thank you we get up to 950 gold so the
last thing we should show off here is
deck construction now that we finished
this if you feel back here you can see
our current deck which is the Dark Elf
starter but we actually if we go to our
cards we can change around our existing
deck so we already have the dark help
start of the council starter in the
warden starter but we can create a new
one and sure sergeant pastor that seems
like a wonderful name let's create a
council deck and there's a little bit of
a a guidance system I didn't actually
realize that there were multiple powers
he'll hear over one is great sorry get
rid of get rid of this and take medic I
think we can make a deck with more
hammer heroes than the sword heroes if
we try and that's nice about the
original or not the original sorry but
the the customized deck construction is
that the decks for starting out are a
little bit jack-of-all-trades like you
have an ability that buffs sword heroes
but you might have a hammer hero you
draw turn one so in this way we could
construct it with a little bit more
synergy as the idea and my card
collection is like highly highly highly
incomplete but let's start with our
favorite heroes here so we want hammer
heroes so let's put some rooks in here
put three of those bow maidens are just
lovely
the gurgle pot is kind of unnecessary
pride protector 2 2 4 3 that as a eulogy
is ok but really only if you have tempo
I think arranged with an aura is good I
also think attack pony is really nice
when it when it moves it gets +2 damage
on the next turn terminus is almost
essential I think and I think two of
those is fine and then let's start
adding in some weapons like Gladius Ark
super useful for archers hammertime draw
a random hammer it costs one less hammer
hero gains one energy
quartermasters okay it's basically like
you draw a weapon card up at a weapon
card from your deck so this is gonna
draw a Gladius arc like every single
time right now um enemy can no longer
avenge is super nice for ensuring that
you get good trades mr. Lundy's undies I
do not like destroying it a strong enemy
I love reviving an ally can be good
especially on ranged units damaged Ally
getting stronger is good topple I mean I
guess if you're fighting a warden deck
maybe that has buildings dust-devil I
think is great Fist of the Gods is
removal biting hail is decent damage and
then give me some suggestions top will
gear up or siege barrels we could use
some more equipment maybe range hero
gains +3 life set their movement to zero
and it could be fun let's give it a shot
let's take smelling salts again winged
sandals and I don't know what
necessarily want to take more of this
but draw a random spell with mana cost
equal to target hero I kind of like that
we have one more card to go
I guess mythril undies now I'm not
convinced that this deck is any good but
perhaps we'll find out at a later date
for now it's just a little bit of an
overarching view of the robust systems
in hero academy - we played a few games
we did some challenges against the AI we
showed off deck building we showed off
getting our butt kicked by a Latvian
eSports athlete and now comes the call
to action you can pick up the game on
Android on PC on iOS links for that will
be in the video description below there
is an affiliate code or a referral code
you can enter I believe it's n lion but
I'll put that in the video description
once I add once I have my people get the
particulars I believe it gives you one
premium pack so you can get your hero
Academy to career started I'll see you
online
please be nicer to me then Henrik Sedin
was because he really crushed a lot of
my momentum early in this video I was
kind of expecting would go up and
everyone would be like wow and I was
actually good at a game instead we ended
up playing against you know this game is
a version of a Hoffa and my
self-confidence has been undermined but
in any case hero Academy - versus the
original more CCGT CG elements and much
much faster actual matches so you can
conceivably finish them in a you know
the amount of time it takes to have half
your lunch break or something like that
nice little bite style bite-sized
strategic action that looks casual
perhaps but actually is a good deal of
strategy going on under the hood and you
know all the agnostic skills you get
from having played other tactics games
plus the stuff that you've learned by
playing hearthstone dualist etc etc
combined to make this you know something
that I believe has a pretty high skill
ceiling for now it's available for free
thanks for watching this is a sponsored
video thank you to robot entertainment
for supporting the channel
providing us with a look at of hero
Academy to today for now thanks for
watching I hope you guys have enjoyed it
go peep the game I'll see you next time